[dramatic music playing]
Oh, Darsh…
[ominous music playing]
[Gara groaning] The hole's closing up!
[Lich] Ugh. What a pity.
[Gara] That idiot! Thanks to him
now they're both in trouble.
[ninja] What an incredibly powerful spell!
He trapped Empress Nei and Dark Schneider.
[Lich] My business here is done.
Not quite,
old man.
Oh, no. The fun is just beginning.
[ominous music playing]
[dramatic music playing]
[Head Priest] It's over! He's dead!
SECRETS OF THE SWORD
[Head Priest] Dark Schneider is dead!
It's the end of all of us! Everything!
It's the end of the whole world!
[Head Priest] No ninja army on earth
can defeat an Eddie!
[priest]
We'll all become Kall-Su's slaves
bowing down before him.
-[Sheila] No!
-[Geo] Huh?
[priests exclaiming]
Don't count him out.
Dark Schneider has faced great peril
before, and escaped every time.
He even escaped his own death.
He will survive. I know it.
[Geo] Princess…
[Sheila] Dark Schneider.
[Abigail] I am Abigail,
one of the Four Divine Kings
of the Dark Rebel Army.
Many people also refer to me
as the Prophet of Hell
or so I'm told.
The Prophet of Hell?
[Lars exclaiming]
[Abigail] Hmm.
You see how it's glowing like that?
That's because the Devil Mace sucks up
the life force of anyone in its vicinity
and then stores it away
in the form of magic power.
[Lars exclaiming]
[Abigail] The Devil Mace senses
that the Satan Ring is nearby,
and is resonating in harmony with it.
It's almost as if
the three demonic treasures
were, at one time,
parts of a single living being.
Doesn't it strike you that way,
young miss?
I'm no expert,
but that doesn't sound right.
[Yoko chuckling]
[Abigail] Uh…
The Devil Mace.
The Demon Mail.
The Satan Ring.
Aren't you the least bit curious
to see what will happen
when the three demonic treasures
are gathered together in one place?
Hmm?
I know it won't be anything good!
-So, no. I don't want to find out!
-[Abigail gasping]
Oh, what a shame. Sorry you feel that way.
[Yoko gasping]
-Why did they stop glowing?
-[Lars exclaiming]
[Abigail] It seems
the Gillian Ian has closed.
Huh?
The Gillian what now?
Oh! Allow me to explain.
The Gillian Ian is a ball of pure,
undiluted supergravity.
Anyone who falls into it
gets lost between dimensions.
So, for all intents and purposes,
Dark Schneider is dead.
He no longer exists in this dimension!
[cackling]
Yeah, right! You wish!
That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard!
[Abigail gasping]
My little Lucien
is not going to die that easily!
As a matter of fact,
he doesn't die, even when you kill him!
[Abigail] Hmm.
He won't survive a trip
through the Gillian Ian. No one can.
-Oh, yes he will!
-[Lars exclaiming]
He may seem like an idiot,
but he's the hero of this story!
And that's why I know he'll survive!
[Yoko cackling]
[Abigail] I can't tell if this girl
is incredibly plucky, or just insane.
[Lich] Fool. Dark Schneider is gone.
Do you wish to follow him
all the way to hell?
[Gara groaning]
Are you blind, or something?
Take a look at that, you old geezer.
The fire's still burning,
which means that Dark Schneider's magic
is still reaching it.
Which means that,
obviously, he's still alive.
[Lich] Yes.
He is adrift, lost in another dimension,
but he will die eventually.
Where he is now
there is neither water, nor air,
nor even light.
[Gara scoffing]
[Gara] Long before that happens,
I'll have cut that ring
off your bony finger
and used it to open the door again.
[intense music playing]
Murasame Blade!
[Lich] That sword is useless against me.
Step aside, or die.
I have business to attend to elsewhere.
[choir vocalizing intensely]
[ninja] The monster's walking right up
to Master Gara
like he's not scared of him at all.
[ninja 2] He's gonna be sorry.
All right. That's far enough.
Let's see what you've got, old man!
[Lich] You stubborn fool.
Try this!
Sudden, True Majinken!
Hmm.
I thought he'd put up more of a fight.
[Lich] Back hill sabo bolan affuso!
You used your strongest move
as your first attack.
Very clever.
No wonder you're one
of the Four Divine Kings.
But you ignored my warning.
That was not so clever.
No?
[Lich] Skid Row!
[ninja] Master Gara!
[Gara groaning]
[Gara grunting]
[hard rock music playing]
[priest whining]
It's useless! Useless!
Gara's no match for that thing!
He's going to get slaughtered!
[Geo] Hmm.
[Lich] Though an Eddie may be made up
of flesh that consists of physical matter,
it is also something like an astral body.
Meaning that it is capable of inhabiting
two dimensions at the same time.
Not even the cursed sword, Murasame,
can cut an object
in a different dimension!
So that explains why my attack
didn't touch him.
He's in another dimension.
No wonder this geezer's immortal.
[Lich] Hmm?
You can still stand
after being hit by that spell.
HIRYU
[Gara] I'm not like this guy
and Dark Schneider.
I'm just a mortal human.
I only survived the attack
because I swapped my Hiei armor
for my stronger Hiryu armor.
But if he hits me with that spell again,
I'm toast.
[Gara breathing deeply]
[ninja] Magic won't work against him.
Not even fire attacks.
[ninja 2] Master Gara hasn't got
any weapon left to fight with.
If only he had the Fire Sword
or… or the Raijinken.
[Gara breathing heavily]
[ninja gasping]
You're right! There's a way!
There might be one last way
to defeat that Eddie.
[ninja 2] What? You know of something?
We have to tell Master Gara!
[ninja] Do you know
why Master Gara's sword, Murasame,
is called a cursed sword?
[mystical music playing]
[ninja] The Murasame is a legendary sword
that has been passed down
through the ages by famous swordsmen.
The blade has a length
of six shaku and one sun.
There is a mysterious glimmer about it,
as if dew drops
were condensing on its surface.
And they say that swinging it
summons a misty gust of wind.
But its true power lies
in its ability to exorcise magic!
However,
the sword eats away at the life force
of the one who wields it!
When the full power
of the Murasame is unleashed,
it can suck up every last drop of it.
That is why it is truly a cursed sword.
I'm sure Master Gara is debating right now
whether to use the sword's power.
[Gara panting]
[Gara] If I use it now,
it could be the last thing I ever do.
[scoffing]
Oh, what the hell.
[Lich] I have wasted too much
of my time on you.
You have made your choice,
Ninja Master Gara.
Now you must die!
[ninja] Master Gara!
[Gara grunting, straining]
I'll right, then!
[Gara roaring]
[hard rock music playing]
Murasame!
Here in my presence reveal yourself!
Now show me your true power!
[Gara grunting]
[Gara roaring, straining]
[Lich] Hmm?
[ninja 2] What's that?
Something's happening to the sword's hilt!
[Lich cackling]
[Lich] I don't know what you have in mind,
but, whatever it is,
it will make no difference.
Your life is about to end!
[Gara straining]
[Lich] Now, die!
Skid Row!
[ninja 2] Why isn't Master Gara
dodging that attack?
[ninja] He'll get killed!
[Gara groaning]
[Lich cackling]
[Lich] Huh?
[Gara sighing]
[ninja gasping] Master Gara!
Yoma Taisan!
[ninja] No! Someone's got to stop him!
No, Master Gara!
[Gara] Burn. Burn to ashes!
[Lich] Huh?
[Gara] My life force
will turn into cold steel
and cut your throat!
[Gara roaring]
[Lich gasping] No!
[Lich grunting, screaming]
-[Gara grunting, groaning]
-[music fades]
[Gara grunting]
[ninja] Master Gara!
No!
He's dead.
[blood gurgling]
Master Gara is dead--
-[Lich] What a formidable sword.
-[ninjas gasping]
[ninja 2] What?
[squelching]
[Lich] Fortunately, the Devil Mace
was able to reduce the sword's power
by half.
If it hadn't, all of my great plans
would have been ruined.
Destroyed.
[ninja shuddering]
[ninja 2] He's completely unscathed?
[ninja 3] That's not possible!
Master Gara gave his life for nothing?
-[ominous music playing]
-[Lich scoffing]
[Lich] He should have known
that the power of a cursed sword
is too great for any mere human to bear.
[ninja] He's…
he's gone!
Yeah, right. Like hell I am!
[Lich gasping]
[tense music playing]
I still got a few tricks up my sleeve,
you walking body bag!
[ninja] Master Gara!
[Lich] You should have stayed down.
I might have let you survive.
The sword has sucked up all your energy.
You have no strength left to go on with.
Attack me again and you will die
without my even having to lift a finger.
Behold,
the Wall of Flames is getting lower.
Soon it will die out altogether.
That proves that Dark Schneider and Nei
are close to death as well.
It is too late.
You want to save them,
but you have nothing left to give,
except your own worthless life.
[Lich cackling]
[Gara] Dark Schneider…
Nei…
[dramatic music playing]
All right!
Guess I got nothing to lose then!
[ninja] No, Master Gara!
[ninja 2] Stop!
You've already done too much!
[Lich] What madness is this?
I am undead,
but you are a mortal of human flesh.
You cannot escape the call of death!
Why? Are you not afraid of death, mortal?
Why do you continue to fight?
[Gara scoffing]
Just feel like it.
[Lich gasping]
-[ninja] What's happening?
-[ninja 2] Look! The Murasame!
[Lich gasping]
[Lich] What is this?
-[hard rock music playing]
-[Gara roaring] Go!
Keiun Kininken!
[sword slicing]
[Lich grunting, groaning]
[Lich screaming] Impossible!
[Gara roaring]
[Head Priest shuddering] What is it?
What happened? What's happened?
[priest] I can't see anything
through all this smoke!
[Geo] Could it be?
Is this the true power
of the legendary Murasame?
[ninja] Incredible!
The sword was able to cut through
the undead's flesh and his astral body
at the same time!
-[ninja 2] Kei… Keiun Kininken!
-[music fades]
[wind blowing]
[Gara groaning]
[Dark Schneider] The gods only created you
as kind of a prank.
You're just a minor character.
If you die,
they're not gonna bring you back to life.
So, be careful.
[Gara grunting]
[Gara chuckling]
[Gara] Guess you're right.
-[ninja] No!
-[ninja 2] Master Gara!
[ninja 3] Master Gara!
[Gara] This is goodbye, guys.
Take care of yourselves.
-[ninja] Master Gara!
-[ninja 2] His breathing is weak!
Hurry! We've gotta get him to the medic!
The sword is so powerful.
It must have sucked away
all his life force,
just as it did with every swordsman
who wielded it before him.
Master Gara was willing to sacrifice
his own life to defeat the Eddie.
[ninjas exclaiming]
[ninja] He was a pervert,
but he was a great guy.
[ninja 2] Pull yourselves together,
all of you!
Master Gara's not dead yet.
Come on! We have to save Dark Schneider
and Empress Nei!
If Master Gara does die,
we can't let it be for nothing! [gasping]
[intense ominous music playing]
[Lich] Oh, Satan Ring,
lend me your strength!
Resurrect me!
[ninja] He's still alive
even after that attack!
[Lich] Damned ninja.
I underestimated you humans.
Very well, then.
Witness the true power of Lich, the Eddie!
[ninja] He's too powerful
for any mortal human to fight!
[ninja 3] Just keep your hands
off Master Gara.
[ninja 4] You monster!
If you wanna kill him,
you have to kill us all first!
[Gara groaning]
[Gara] You… you idiots!
Run! Run while you can!
[Lich cackling]
[Lich] As you wish.
Follow your master in death!
[Nue roaring]
[Lich screaming]
[ninja gasping] It's Nue!
Nue, the Thunder Beast!
And that's…
[Lich groaning]
[Lich] No! It can't be.
Efreet, the Fire Demon!
[ninja 2] Wait, look. Is that…?
[Lich] No! No!
It's impossible!
-[hard rock music playing]
-[Lich] Dark Schneider and Nei!
[Dark Schneider]
Yeah, monster! I made it back.
And are you gonna be sorry I did.
[ninja] He's alive!
[ninja 2] Dark Schneider and Empress Nei
have returned from the dead!
[Lich groaning] But… but how?
How did you escape?
You were on the brink of death!
[scoffing] It was pretty easy.
While I was drifting around,
I just used a spell to detect magic
and summoned the two enchanted swords
that you'd thrown
into the higher-dimensional space.
[Efreet] And then we,
the guardians of the enchanted swords,
created a powerful barrier
to protect the two of them
as we all awaited our chance to return!
[Dark Schneider] That's right.
We were waiting for you
to draw power from the Satan Ring,
which is exactly what you did
when Gara beat you.
[Lich growling]
Are you freaking kidding me?
[Dark Schneider] Gara.
[Gara sighing]
So you guys made it out?
Took you long enough. [coughing]
[Arshes] Gara,
you used that sword, didn't you?
[scoffing]
Man, I leave you alone for a second
and look at you.
You're all beat up.
Actually,
you look better like that. [chuckling]
[Gara] Hmm.
[Dark Schneider] Hmm.
[Arshes gasping]
Gara?
[Lich groaning] Fools!
Your victory celebration is premature!
I am reborn 100 times
more powerful than I was a moment ago!
Not even all your powers combined
are enough to defeat me!
I will show you just how powerless
mere humans are!
-[intense music playing]
-[choir vocalizing intensely]
[Dark Schneider]
You ugly, putrid, undead monster.
You've got a hell of a lot of nerve
hurting my loyal sidekick.
I can't let you get away with that!
[Lich] You puny mortals!
A human doesn't exist that could hurt me!
Now, die!
[Dark Schneider]
I'm so sick of your ugly face. Get lost!
[sword slicing]
[hard rock music playing]
[Lich screaming]
[Dark Schneider scoffing]
That'll teach you.
Don't ever underestimate a human.
[Lich] Dark Schneider,
you infernal bastard!
I was so close!
So close to having the Satan Ring.
I was going to steal it from Abigail,
and keep it as my own!
If only I could've unlocked its ability
to amplify magic.
I could've discovered the secrets
of it's power!
A power even greater than that
of the God of Destruction!
[groaning] The disgrace!
Would you shut up already?
What does it take to make you die?
[Lich screaming]
-[ninja] Amazing! The darkness is lifting!
-[music fades]
[ninja 2] He did it!
[Arshes gasping]
[Arshes] Gara…
[huffing]
[Arshes] No.
[ninjas sobbing]
The Eddie is dead.
Farewell,
you ninja warrior.
Rest in peace, Gara.
Your valor and sacrifice
will never be forgotten
for as long as humanity exists.
[Gara groaning]
-We owe you more than we can say.
-[footsteps approaching]
Hey! Jumping the gun a little, aren't you?
Before you give your funeral speech,
you might wanna make sure I'm dead!
Uh, Gara…
[lively rock music playing]
[ninjas cheering, laughing]
[ninja] Yay!
Gara! You sure you're--
What the hell was that?
Where'd you come up with that cheesy
"farewell, ninja warrior" crap?
"Rest in peace"?
Give me a break, will you?
[both grunting]
What happened, anyway?
I thought the Murasame was supposed
to have sucked out all your life force?
I had a really touching
and emotional moment going,
and you ruined it!
And she's mine! Get your hands off her!
[Arshes gasping]
Hmm. You're right.
The first time
I used the Keiun Kininken attack,
I could feel the Murasame draining away
all of my life force and my soul.
Then, strangely enough,
the second time I used it
I could feel the sword filling me
with renewed strength.
-And who are you calling a loyal sidekick?
-[Arshes gasping]
[Gara] And what the hell was that about?
Since when did I become
your sidekick Huh?!
[Dark Schneider]
Well, it's kinda what you are really.
[Gara] Say what?
[Arshes] What did Lich mean
when he talked about a power
even greater
than that of the God of Destruction?
A power so great that even an Eddie
with an astral body would desire it?
[Arshes gasping]
[Arshes] Could it be that…
that thing from 15 years ago?
[ending theme song playing]
[Arshes gasping]
[Gara scoffing]
What do you mean my mentor?
You never mentored me in anything
except how to be
a self-centered jerk, you know that?
[Dark Schneider] You ought to be grateful!
I'm the guy who saved your life, remember?
-So I'm a self-centered jerk, huh?
-[Gara] That's right!
[Dark Schneider] Well, hey listen…
[song fades]